Add troubleshooting for Docker mount denied on mac (#481)
integer32llc/rust-playground: README.md

./fetch.sh # If you just want the current playground
```

### Troubleshooting

#### Mac

After launching `ui` successfully locally, when you try to do any action (ex. `build`, `rustfmt`, `run` and so on), if you get errors about Docker Mount denied like following

> ```

Author: Ok!

docker: Error response from daemon: Mounts denied:
The paths /var/folders/dx/l5pn75zx5v9_cwstvgwc5qyc0000gn/T/playground.6gEHdGUM6XPU/output and /var/folders/dx/l5pn75zx5v9_cwstvgwc5qyc0000gn/T/playground.6gEHdGUM6XPU/input.rs
are not shared from OS X and are not known to Docker.
You can configure shared paths from Docker -> Preferences... -> File Sharing.
See https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/osxfs/#namespaces for more info.
.
time="2099-12-31T00:00:00+00:00" level=error msg="error waiting for container: context canceled"
```

> Then, you can set `TMPDIR` to fix this issue.

Reviewer: Presumably you also need to configure Docker to include the path to the new `TMPDIR` in the set of directories it can use for mounting, as alluded to in the error message?

Author: Yeah, you're right. If the user set a `TMPDIR` which is not included in the Docker preference, then he/she will need to set it.

I didn't need to set it because I set the `TMPDIR` under my project path which is under `/Users` and `/Users` is also a default setting in Docker for Mac.

> Then, you can set `TMPDIR` to fix this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, set the `TMPDIR` environment variable to a path that Docker can mount:
```
